Add Features to the Template App (#109)
mongodb-university/realm-template-apps: react-native-ts/README.md

# React Native Template App

## Prerequisites
- Make sure your system is setup to run a React Native application by following the [setup guide](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup)

> - Setup an Atlas account and [deploy a cluster](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/tutorial/deploy-free-tier-cluster/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up an Atlas account and [deploy a cluster](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/tutorial/deploy-free-tier-cluster/)
```

> - Setup an application in App Services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up an application in App Services.
```

>     -  You can use the [`realm-cli`](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/cli/) to setup the backend and download a copy of this template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  You can use the [`realm-cli`](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/cli/) to set up the backend and download a copy of this template:
```
